Cash flow projector

A project to allow a user to create cash flow projections for bank accounts

Scopes

Stage 1 -
* Single Entry book keeping - one bank account, credits and debits recorded against that account. It is a assumed it is a debit account (i.e normal balance would be in debit)
* All entries are manual - future projected incomes/expenses are added manually for a given date i.e. manually re-occured
* We need to know what the balance is on each date (daily balances). To do this we need to store the debits and credits as transactions against the account. -Done
* future tranactions are added into tranaction log... - Done
* daily balance of a account is a sum of all debits - sum of all credits before the required date. - Done
* Need some visualisation of daily balances -  Done - using High Charts

Stage 2 -
* Add the ability for recurring incommings and outgoings - these will project into future and create the required trasactions automatically. - Done
* Add the ability to have interest based incommings and outgoings. use to model interest on a loan.  -Done

Stage 3 -
* Add the ability for double entry book keeping. so a loan payment from the bank account pays of the loan account. Interest will need be double entered into a Loan Interest account. - Done
*  Income and expense ledger accounts will be needed as well. -Done (Can create new ledger accounts)
* Will need to model both credit and debit account types and be able to encapsulate the transfer of money from one account to the other. --Done (not distinguishing between credit /debit accounts at this time)

Stage 4 - 
* Add  probability to each income and outgoing. Allow what if scenario planning.

